Here are 6 concepts that would be a good fit as a brand for record
labels or other music companies. One of the requirements was inventing
names for which it's still possible to register a domain name, and for
which there are still few search engine results.

In creating the logos I tried to express the gist of the concept using
as few elements as possible. Next, I came up with different
alternative uses for each one of them.

All information and characters are fictitious. Any similarity with
real people is purely coincidental.





SELECT and TUNE, with the common letter T. One can easily read and
understand the new formed neologism.

The mark is built on top of 8 circles, which we have to admit is a
flawless job. The shape of the letter C asks for a counterclockwise
rotation. It contradicts the rotation of vinyl records, but we, the
people of Selectune are willing to compromise.

The concept can also work well for a streaming platform, a record
player, music equipment manufacturer, some audio software or even for
Skype rebranding.




Bastille, the majestic fortress and the last stronghold of French
anti-national struggle still lingering in the minds of many.

By duplicating the letter S we easily obtain a neologism with an
intuitive new meaning. Basstille, the fortress of the bass. Basstille,
the record label. Basstille, oh là là.





The name is built around the consonance of BEAT and RABBIT, also
phonetically similar to BEAT,RE-BEAT. We are already familiar with the
drumming rabbit symbol, so here we attempt to rebuild him using
equalizer sound bars. This makes it a good choice for a drum machine
brand name, musical instruments shop, streaming platform, Psy-Trance
festival...  Another idea that works well for Beat Rabbit is an
application that adjusts the music playing speed based on how active
the user is.





LOUD SNAKE is an oxymoron. Usually the snakes are quiet when moving,
and loud when fighting. Our snake is always LOUD, which makes it easy
to remember.

Besides being a great choice as a record label, this concept also
works for an audio cable manufacturer, software for DJ, or streaming
platform.




The intuition tells me that this name will suit both a jazz or R'n'B
label, and a chocolate brand or sweet-shop. Alas we know what a beast
sugar is…. Think of honey and fruits melting in your mouth
when you think of SWEET. I insist!

In the mark we can see them all - the infinity symbol, the confetti
and the pretzel.



